<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:pm="http://primefaces.org/mobile">
    <f:view renderKitId="PRIMEFACES_MOBILE" />
    <h:head>
       
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <pm:page>
            <pm:header swatch="b" style="text-align: center">Athletic Training Certification Trivia</pm:header>
            <pm:content>
                <pm:field>
                        <h1 style="color:gold;"> About the Game </h1>
                        <p>Welcome to the Athletic Training Certifiation Trivia (ATCT) game. 
                      This game is not only entertaining but also educational and challenging. 
                      It will prepare you for your Certfication Exam by modeling the questions on 
                      the actual exam.</p>

                </pm:field>

                <pm:field>
                        <h1 style="color:gold;"> Rules </h1>
                        <p> ATCT contains model questions from the Athectic Training Certification 
                      Exam in the form of multiple choice, fill in the blank and True/False questions.
                       It contains the 5 common categories in the certification exam and lets you 
                      choose a category to begin the game.</p>
                      <p>Once you click on a category you are to answer each question within 20 
                      seconds or else the question will be marked incorrect. Each category 
                      has 5 levels. You will be awarded one point for answering a level
                      one question correctly, 2 points for a level 2 question and so on. 
                      If you get 5 correct answers then you will move a 
                      level up, if you get 3 incorrect answers in a row, you will move a level down. 
                      </p>
                      <p> There is a Show Answer button that is available to view the correct answer
                      only three times during one game. 
                      </p>
                </pm:field>

                <pm:field>
                        <h1 style="color:gold;" > Developers </h1>
                        <p> This game is developed by Raj Manglani, Dagmawi Tadesse, Yohannes Woldgerima, Elias Abdu and Frehiwot Gudeta, a group of Software Developers from
                      Manchester University. </p>
                </pm:field>

            </pm:content>
            <pm:footer style="text-align: center">
                Copyright &copy;  Team Gork 
            </pm:footer>
        </pm:page>
    </h:body>
</html>

